My newphew is three years old.

How's Susan?
Not so good. She has a stomachache.
That's too bad.

Tell me about her sweater. What color is it?

These books belong to me. That book belongs to Kate.

A. Look at those people over there. Who are they?
B. I'm not sure, but I think they're new students from Thailand.

he does his homework from midnight to 3 :00 or 4:00 in the morning.
the sun comes up
he sleeps all day.
he stays at his computer.

My sister rarely puts on her make-up.
He puts on his clothes every morning.
(((I do exercises every morning.)))

watch videos or DVDs
send e-mails
surf the Internet
be in bed at ten o'clock
take a shower
a few

after that
have a break
worry about grades
local high school
say hello to neighbor in the morning
pay attention to
try new recipes
have three or four pots on the stove
make a big mess
it is too much trouble
love to cook


enjoy sports on TV
She sits in the same seat every day.
the students \ come to class at 10:00
Amy\ watch TV in the mornings


Becky drives a new car. She doesn't drive an old car.
A restaurant serve food. It doesn't sell shoes.
Sally is helthy. She doesn't smoke cigarettes.
Jane and Alex always have lunch at home. They don't have lunch at the cafeteria.
My sister likes tea, but she doesn't like coffee.
Hamid is a careful writer. He doesn't mistakes in spelling when he writes.
I'm lazy. I don't do exercises in the morning.
Sometimes Ann doesn't put on her shoes when she goes outside.
Rob has a beard. He shaves in the morning.
People wear clothes. Animals don't wear clothes.
A child need love, food, care and toys. A child doesn't need a driver license.
Refrigerators aren't hot inside.
Refrigerators are cold inside.
Doctors take care of sick people.
Doctors in my country are expensive.
A bus carries people from one place to another.
English is an easy language to learn.
My roommates are from Vietnam. They aren't from Japan.

Does Peter work at the post office? Yes, he does.
Do you live in an apartment? Yes, I do.
Where do you sit during class? In the front row.
Where does Jessica go to school? At the University of Toronto.
Where do you buy school supplies?
Where are the students right now? In class.


Do you like the music of (Son Tung)?
live in an appartment near school.
He walk to school almost every day.
Sometimes he catch a bus especially if it's cold and rainy outside.
Abdul and Pablo go to the same school.
They take English classes.
Abdul speak Arabic as his first language.
Abdul enjoy having Pablo as his roommate, but he miss his family back in Saudi Arabia.

Do you want to go with us?
What time is it (now)? Almost seven o'clock. Are you ready to leave? Yes, let's go

Where are my keys to the car? I don't know.
Are they in one of your pockets? I don't think so.
Does your husband have them? No, he has his own set of car keys.

Does the moon goes around the Earth?
Where do you go to school?
Is it a good job?
They're very unhappy about it.

Do you study a lot? I study at least three hours every day.
My roommate study at least five hours every day. She's very serious about her education.
How about you? Do you spend a lot of time studying? No, I don't. I spend as little time as possible. I don't like to study.
My parents want me to go to school. I don't want to be here.
In that case, I think you should drop out of school and find a job until you decide what you want to do with your life.
He is the opposite of Sam.
Matt doesn't change the sheets on his bed. He keeps the same sheets week after week.
He wears the same dirty jeans every day.
As my mother always say, it takes all kinds of people to make a world.
Is your hometown hot in the summer?

Where does Ron work? In a jewelry store.

Does your roommate sleep with the window open?
Do you like strong coffee? Yes, I like.

What color is ...? It's gray with red letters.

read/count out loud

He's wearing sneakers, white socks, and a wristwatch.
Stand between ( . .. ) and ( . . . )
Ben isn't sitting in the front row. He is sitting in the middle of the class.
Speak in your native language.
Hold your book above your head.
Hold up your right hand.
Hold up your left hand.
Touch your right ear with your left hand.
carry your book on the top of your head to front of the room
hold your grammar book between your ankles
care about
front legs
anyone else
No one
each other
help so with st
Where do you live?

he post office is open from 8:00 a.m to 5:00 p.m Monday though Saturday.

What's your hometown? Athens.
Where is it located? In southeastern Greece near the Aegean Sea.
What's the population of Athens? Almost four million.
What's the weather like in Athens in May? It's mild. Sometimes it's a little rainy.
What's the average temperature in May? The average temperature is around 21° Celsius.


Do you want to play soccer with us at the park this afternoon?
We don't need to come to class on Friday. It's a holiday.
Do you want go to the movie with Jane?
I need to go to school at 8:00.
I want to go downtown today because I need to buy a new coat.
I want to go to the bank because I need to cash a check.
Where do you want to go for lunch?
Do you want to listen to some music on the radio?
It's a nice day. I don't want to take the bus home today. I want to walk home instead.
Where do you want to go for dinner tonight?
What time do you want to go to the airport?
I need to make a phone call.
The teacher is erasing the board with her hand.
Monkeys eat fruit and insects.
Mary and Bob help Sue with her homework.
We don't need to come to class on Friday. It's a holiday.
Where do you want to go for your vacation? I want to visit Paris.
Do you want to go with us to the park?


Would you like to go to a movie with me later today?
Is John tasting his dinner?
Is John a good cook?
What is on the refrigerator?
Is the food on the stove hot or cold?
What is on the wall next to the refrigerator?
What is on the wall above the table?
She is making a sauce for the pasta.
Sometimes Mrs. Smith gets tired of cooking all the time. But she loves her family very much.
He needs to go to bed early tonight because he has a busy day at work tomorrow.
In the corner of the living room, a mouse is eating a piece of cheese.
Bob is busy with his toy train.
Water contains hydrogen and oxygen.


Maria sings her favorite songs in the shower.
Olga likes American hamburgers.
Political leaders make important decisions.
Heavy traffic creates noisy streets.
Poverty causes serious problems in the world.
Young people have interesting ideas about modern music.
Many Vietnamese farmers lives in small villages near their fields.
Food from China is Chinese food.
Food from Mexico is Mexican food.
Food from Vietnam is Vietnamese food.
Food from Thailand is Thai food.
Food from France is French food.
Favorite ethnic food? Italian
An example of Italian food? spaghetti


Hi, Ann. How do you like your new apartment? It's very nice.
Mike is a good card player. We can't beat him.
Would Judy and you like to come to the movie with us? Yes, We would.
I wrote a letter, but I can't send it because I don't have a stamp.
Rita has a book. She bought it last week.
Tom is in Canada. He is studying at a university.
I know the new students, but Tony doesn't know them yet.
Is the chemical formula for water H30? No, it isn't. It is H20.
Judy and I would enjoy going to the movie with you.
Do you know how to spell "Mississippi"? Sure! I can spell it. It is easy to spell.
The teacher is speaking with Lisa because she doesn't have her homework.
How is Mr. Adams doing? Great! I see him every week at the office.
A: Yoko and I are going downtown this afternoon. Do you want to come with us? B: I don't think so, but thanks anyway. Chris and I are going to the library.We need to study for our test.
A: Do you get along with her? B: Yes, we enjoy living together.
A: You must visit us sometime. Maybe you can come over for dinner soon. B: Thanks. I'd love that.
A: Do George and Mike come over to your house often? B: Yes, they do. I invite them to my house often. We like to play cards.
A: Who usually wins your card games? B: Mike. He's a really good card player. We can't beat him.

